# bitrise_app Resource

Manages a Bitrise application. This resource handles the registration and lifecycle of a Bitrise app in your organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Register a GitHub application
resource "bitrise_app" "my_app" {
  repo              = "github"
  repo_url          = "https://github.com/myorg/myrepo"
  type              = "git"
  git_repo_slug     = "myrepo"
  git_owner         = "myorg"
  organization_slug = "my-bitrise-org"
  is_public         = false
}

# Register a public GitHub application
resource "bitrise_app" "public_app" {
  repo              = "github"
  repo_url          = "https://github.com/myorg/public-repo"
  type              = "git"
  git_repo_slug     = "public-repo"
  git_owner         = "myorg"
  organization_slug = "my-bitrise-org"
  is_public         = true
}

# Register a GitLab application
resource "bitrise_app" "gitlab_app" {
  repo              = "gitlab"
  repo_url          = "https://gitlab.com/myorg/myrepo"
  type              = "git"
  git_repo_slug     = "myrepo"
  git_owner         = "myorg"
  organization_slug = "my-bitrise-org"
  is_public         = false
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `repo` - (Optional) The git provider (e.g., `github`, `gitlab`, `bitbucket`).
* `repo_url` - (Optional) The URL of the repository to connect to Bitrise.
* `type` - (Optional) The type of the repository, typically `git`.
* `git_repo_slug` - (Optional) The repository name/slug from the git provider.
* `git_owner` - (Optional) The owner or organization name in the git provider.
* `organization_slug` - (Optional) The slug of the Bitrise organization where the app will be created.
* `is_public` - (Optional) Whether the app should be public or private. Default: `false`.
* `configurable_attribute` - (Optional) Additional configurable attribute for the app.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The unique identifier of the app (same as `app_slug`).
* `app_slug` - The slug of the created Bitrise app. This is generated by Bitrise and used to identify the app in subsequent API calls.

## Import

Apps can be imported using the app slug:

```shell
terraform import bitrise_app.my_app your-app-slug-here
```

## API Documentation

This resource uses the following Bitrise API endpoints:

- POST `/v0.1/apps/register` - Register a new app
- GET `/v0.1/apps/{app-slug}` - Read app details
- DELETE `/v0.1/apps/{app-slug}` - Delete an app

For more information, see the [Bitrise API documentation](https://api-docs.bitrise.io/).

## Notes

* The `app_slug` is automatically generated by Bitrise upon app registration and is used as the resource identifier.
* After creating an app with this resource, you may need to use `bitrise_app_finish` to complete the app setup with project-specific configuration.
* Changes to most attributes will force recreation of the resource.
